welcome to acid cabinetmaker calm this
is mark we're out on the job doing a
reface and over the top of the old
cabinets what's kind of odd about this
in 1979 we built these cabinets customer
called me back and one produced some
changes so we're refacing lot of times
we'll rebuild them but they've got a
good floor that they have here it's all
brick they don't want to change that so
we're refacing and redoing the drawers
and the doors and new hinges and sealed
hinges and we're doing everything in
charity this is oak back in 79 number
four popular and we're doing a few
changes here if you sway around over
here you can see we're unboxing this in
we're going to put lights up here by the
way this chick we're putting lights up
under here we're putting four lights on
this one under the killer lights and the
doors go on the top of this we're
putting a life here tour the old hood
out right here and we're going to build
a designer hood and if gonna beat I'll
coming up the back of this is sort of
ranges right here I'm coming over on
this side we're going to put another
line here one there we're going to make
a new soften up here and we're going to
swing down and put one more light under
counter right here so it made all these
changes I'm working on right now putting
the light fixture stuff in getting all
that that sub frame underneath before we
start to reface it a little reface on
the bottom because I had to cut for the
lengths underneath so we already have a
cheery underneath here so if you if you
could see what we did over on this side
it's over over here we can take a look
at this we've got an oven we did right
here we had your restructure because we
have the old oven we have the microwave
and we put new doors so we had to
restructure all this because everything
is a different size so you can see the
changes in that and then we're going to
reface the pantry right here the broom
closet and then the desk now we're going
to come around over on this side if you
take a look at this paneling on the wall
it's all oak we're going to change at
all the charity all the way around the
room and we're going to change that
cabinet over there we face that one also
change all the doors so we're going to
do the kitchen and the living area the
family room space so again that's what
we're working on on NASA cabinetmaker
calm we're going to come back
and show you the completion of the job
or maybe in the middle of it depends on
how far we get so anyway that's what
we're doing today and thanks for
following this is mark